.TH RIFTOR 1 "2026" "riftor" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
riftor \- offensive-security AI agent that lives in your terminal
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B riftor
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B riftor
is a full-screen terminal (TUI) penetration-testing assistant organised around
the RIFT methodology: Recon, Intrusion, Foothold, Takeover. The agent runs
recon/scanning tools through a permission-gated shell, enforces an engagement
scope, records services and findings, and writes CVSS-scored reports.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-version
Print the version and exit.
.TP
.B \-\-config
Print the path of the config file and exit.
.TP
.B \-\-model \fIMODEL\fR
Override the model for this run (any litellm id, e.g. anthropic/claude-sonnet-4-6).
.TP
.B \-\-chakla\-model \fIMODEL\fR
Override the Chakla (worker) model for this run.
.TP
.B \-\-api\-key \fIKEY\fR
Override the API key for this run (prefer the provider's environment variable).
.TP
.B \-\-workdir \fIDIR\fR
Engagement working directory; state lives in \fIDIR\fR/.riftor/ (default: cwd).
.TP
.B \-\-scope\-file \fIFILE\fR
Preload scope targets from a file (one per line; \fBout:\fR prefix for out-of-scope).
.TP
.B \-p, \-\-prompt \fITEXT\fR
Run a single task non-interactively and exit (headless one-shot).
.TP
.B \-\-headless
Non-interactive mode; reads the prompt from \fB\-\-prompt\fR or stdin.
.TP
.B \-\-browser\-headed
Run the Playwright browser visibly for this run only (not persisted; default is headless).
.SH IN-APP COMMANDS
Type \fB/help\fR inside riftor for the full list, including \fB/scope\fR,
\fB/stage\fR, \fB/findings\fR, \fB/report\fR, \fB/permissions\fR, \fB/cost\fR,
\fB/retry\fR, \fB/continue\fR, \fB/compact\fR, \fB/timeline\fR, \fB/browser\fR and \fB/export\fR.
\fB/browser\fR shows browser status; \fB/browser headed\fR / \fB/browser headless\fR
switch the mode (persisted) and \fB/browser close\fR tears it down.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.config/riftor/config.toml
Runtime configuration (model, theme, limits). Written 0600.
.TP
.I ~/.config/riftor/permissions.toml
Persistent tool allow/deny rules.
.TP
.I ./.riftor/
Per-engagement state: sqlite store, sessions, reports, exports.
.SH CONFIGURATION
Selected keys from \fB~/.config/riftor/config.toml\fR (\fB[riftor]\fR table):
.TP
.B model
Main-agent litellm model id (default: \fIanthropic/claude-sonnet-4-6\fR).
.TP
.B chakla_model
Chakla worker model id (default: \fIanthropic/claude-haiku-4-5-20251001\fR).
.TP
.B chakla_max_workers
Maximum number of Chakla workers per dispatch batch (default: \fI5\fR).
.TP
.B chakla_timeout_s
Per-worker wall-clock timeout in seconds (default: \fI300\fR).
.TP
.B label_main
Display name for the orchestrator agent (default: \fIBaaj\fR).
.TP
.B label_worker
Display name for worker subagents (default: \fIChakla\fR).
.TP
.B browser_headless
Run the Playwright browser headless (default: \fItrue\fR).
.TP
.B browser_persistent_profile
Persist a browser profile at \fI.riftor/browser-profile/\fR; default is incognito (default: \fIfalse\fR).
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B ANTHROPIC_API_KEY, OPENAI_API_KEY, OPENROUTER_API_KEY
Provider keys; the first one found selects the default model on first run.
.SH AUTHORIZATION
riftor is for authorized security testing only. You are responsible for having
explicit, written permission for any system you assess.
.SH SEE ALSO
Project: https://github.com/Estudely/riftor
.SH LICENSE
GPL-3.0-or-later.
